[update]  Docs (#118)
r-devel/r-dev-env: docs/tutorials/contribution_workflow.md

## Contribution Workflow

#### 1. Example Contribution Workflow using the R Dev Container:

> -  To start working in R we will click on `R:(not attach)` option which is in the bottom right of our R-dev codespace. It will open R terminal for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  To start working in R we will click on `R:(not attach)` which is in the bottom right of the VSCode window. This will open an R terminal for us.
```

**> With edit (for example - change to whatever you like!):**

![alt text](../assets/rdev21.png)

```R title="askYesNo.R" linenums="20"
    prompts = getOption("askYesNo", gettext(c("Oh yeah!", "Don't think so", "Cancel"))),
```

> #### 3. Rebuid R

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 3. Rebuild R
```

- We can re-build R with our changes. Since we have only modified the utils package, rebuilding R will only re-build the utils package.
- First we need to be inside $BUILDDIR.

> - Quit R with q() or by closing the R terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quit R with `q()` or by closing the R terminal.
```

> In the bash terminal, change to the build directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - In the bash terminal, change to the build directory:
```

```bash
cd $BUILDDIR
```

> - After that we can run cmd `make` and `make check` in a series. The make command rebuilds R with the changes you made in 'step 2'. This will be much faster than the full build!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now run the `make` command to rebuild R with the changes you made in step 2. This will be much faster than the full build!
```

```bash

> make
> make check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make
```

```
    
![alt text](../assets/rdev22.png)

> - To use the re-built R, simply open a new R terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optionally run `make check` to run R's test suite with your local changes. You may skip this step while you are iterating on a bug fix or other development, until you are ready to [create a patch](./patch_update.md).
- To use the re-built R, simply open a new R terminal.
```
